This program was created by Henry Chen as part of his 2016 SHIP (Summer High School Intern Program) project, sponsored by NIST (National Institute of Standards and Technology), under DOC (US Department of Commerce).

* Part Two of the Password Security Data Visualization Project

STEPS TO ENSURE PROPER STACKED BAR CHART CREATION
1. Make sure you have internet access
2. Select an output file from the Java program with “d3pos” in its name
3. If nothing is graphed, just re-select the file

Customization
1. Open the html file using a text editor
2. Find the keyword “CUST#:” using Ctrl+F on Windows, or Cmd+F on Mac
3. Follow the comment directions

List of available customizations:
CUST0: Change browser title
CUST1: Change general properties
CUST2: Change properties of title box
CUST3: Change font used
CUST4: Change active tooltip properties
CUST5: Change legend text properties
CUST6: Change title box text
CUST7: Change graph color
CUST8: Change Y-axis label
CUST9: Change static tooltip display
CUST10: Change active tooltip display

NOTE: The stacked bar chart counts “null” as a white space.

Disclaimer:
“The United States Department of Commerce (DOC) GitHub project code is provided on an ‘as is’ basis and the user assumes responsibility for its use. DOC has relinquished control of the information and no longer has responsibility to protect the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of the information. Any claims against the Department of Commerce stemming from the use of its GitHub project will be  governed by all applicable Federal law. Any reference to specific commercial products, processes, or services by service mark, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply their endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the Department of Commerce. The Department of Commerce seal and logo, or the seal and logo of a DOC bureau, shall not be used in any manner to imply endorsement of any commercial product or activity by DOC or the United States Government.”